it's so hot I broke seven dk7 BK dance
set BK dance hi everyone Anthony Fantana
here
the Internet's busiest music nerd and
it's time for a review currency the
stoned immaculate this guy's in New
Orleans rapper who has been edit for
well over a decade at this point and
despite the really laid-back sound of
his music this guy grinds he is prolific
early in his career he kind of got his
start rapping for masterpiece 504 boys
but then when that folded he managed to
land on little Wayne's label Young Money
and on Young Money in album for currency
never really seemed to pan out but he
was being crafty at the time in kind of
putting things together through his own
record label and releasing just
relentlessly a non-stop series of
mixtapes eventually Young Money let him
go he put out his debut album and just
has continuously put out albums and
mixtapes since and he has really kind of
developed his own sound he has a pretty
set style very smooth just simple
instrumentals complemented with his very
understated kind of blunted flow and
vocal delivery and lyrics that kind of
seemed to be an ongoing Journal of
stories and and musings about his jet
life ethos we're basically currency is
high all day and kind of living in the
lap of luxury now when this style
currencies been gaining quite a bit of
momentum his albums pilot talk 1 & 2
that came out in 2010 definitely gotten
quite a bit of wreck
Nishan and he followed those albums up
with even more material in 2011 and now
in 2012 we have these stoned immaculate
and this is by far not the only thing
currency has put out this year it's not
even the first release he's done for his
new record label Warner Brothers but it
is the biggest project that currency has
put out so far mmm because this time
around with this LP you really start to
feel that Warner Brothers budget behind
currencies work getting some big-name
features on here whether it's Big KRIT 2
Chainz wale Wiz Khalifa and Pharrell
currency's instrumentals still have that
very smooth simple makeup but they sound
way more glamorous this time around with
tons of strings and piano and horns
there's a beautiful harp that opens this
album up right at the intro track it's
kind of like imagining currency
performing live at the most expensive
Country Club in the Hamptons currency
definitely has a bigger presentation
this time around but the thing that
consistently is just boring with
currencies music from release to release
is also really a letdown for me on this
album the rapping yeah I get that it's
cool I get that it's chill and that it's
laid-back but I just do not see the
appeal of hearing this guy moan and
mumble through 13 tracks straight and
most of these tracks are about the same
stuff it's kind of like watching the
same exact rap video over and over and
over and over but it's kind of shot at a
different angle every time or the
setting changes oh it's on a yacht now
oh wait hold on we're in a mansion oh
wait we're on a jet and the thing is the
way he raps about luxury if it's not
even all that unique or insightful in
any way sometimes you do kind of get a
whiff of wordplay from a verse here and
there which is really something some
reviewers are on and on about when it
comes to currency and praising him but I
just don't see that here I feel like he
does try to break up the monotony throw
out a track about his youth his personal
desires why he is the person he is or a
song about a relationship that just
didn't pan out but it's just kind of one
surface-level story after another that
is either a giant fantasy or really
could have happened to anybody just
bland stories over expensive beats that
in a nutshell is what this album is to
me there's some stomach-churning R&B
hooks on here and a bad auto-tune chorus
from from The Neptunes of all people and
while we're mentioning them the features
on this thing are just not that good but
the thing is it's not like curtain see
raises the bar all that high and I don't
mean that kind of high to me the
instrumentals are the only redeeming
thing this album has to offer and I
don't even really like them that much
I'm really feeling strong to to a like 3
on this album didn't enjoy it
not even really a little what did you
guys think of it did you like it did you
hate it why and what should I review
next currency the stone immaculate
forever
[Music]